`azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server` - support new enum value for `identity` (#29320)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/postgresql_flexible_server.html.markdown

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Possible values are `UserAssigned`, `SystemAssigned` and `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

> ~> **Note**: Once `UserAssigned` has been added the only way to get rid of it is to recreate the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** Once `UserAssigned` has been added, removing it forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Updated

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) A list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this PostgreSQL Flexible Server. Required if used together with `customer_managed_key` block.

> ~> **Note**: `identity_ids` is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned` or `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** `identity_ids` is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned` or `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.
```

Author: Updated
